README.md, before:

bashalytics
===========

by Morgan Aldridge <morgant@makkintosshu.com>

OVERVIEW
--------

A bash utility for fetching reports from Google Analytics using the Core Reporting v3 API. Also makes it easy to authenticate & cache an auth token as well as fetching & caching the list of dimensions & metrics.

_While functional, this tool is currently under early development._

USAGE
-----

First, authenticate to Google Analytics (this will store an auth token in ~/.bashalytics/auth_token):

    bashalytics auth

You can run reports as follows (specifying the profile ID, followed by the start & end dates, followed by a list of dimensions & metrics):

    bashalytics report <profile_id> 2014-01-01 2014-01-10 ga:visits

It will output the report in TSV (tab separated values) format, with the first row specifying the column names as the dimensions & metrics that were specified, and the following row(s) containing the respective values. (Note: dimensions and metrics are fetched and cached locally once per day when running reports.)

Naturally, you can get further usage instructions as follows:

    bashalytics -h

TO-DO
-----

* An option to override auth token (saving & reading) to support multiple accounts
* Is there a way to look up & list Profile IDs?

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
----------------

Original concept based on [this blog post by Adam Buchanan](http://adambuchanan.me/post/19993272813/google-analytics-api-bash-scripts). Uses Google's [Core Reporting API (v3)](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v3/) and [Metadata API (v3)](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/metadata/v3/) to fetch Google Analytics metrics, dimensions, and reports data, plus [Dominic Tarr's `JSON.sh`](https://github.com/dominictarr/JSON.sh) to parse JSON results.

LICENSE
-------

Copyright (c) 2014, Morgan Aldridge. All rights reserved.

_TBD_

Commit message:

Updated README with details of new install script.

README.md, after:

bashalytics
===========

by Morgan Aldridge <morgant@makkintosshu.com>

OVERVIEW
--------

A bash utility for fetching reports from Google Analytics using the Core Reporting v3 API. Also makes it easy to authenticate & cache an auth token as well as fetching & caching the list of dimensions & metrics.

_While functional, this tool is currently under early development._

	INSTALLATION
------------

Running the following command will install both bashalytics and the required JSON.sh in /usr/local/bin/:

	./install

USAGE
-----

First, authenticate to Google Analytics (this will store an auth token in ~/.bashalytics/auth_token):

    bashalytics auth

You can run reports as follows (specifying the profile ID, followed by the start & end dates, followed by a list of dimensions & metrics):

    bashalytics report <profile_id> 2014-01-01 2014-01-10 ga:visits

It will output the report in TSV (tab separated values) format, with the first row specifying the column names as the dimensions & metrics that were specified, and the following row(s) containing the respective values. (Note: dimensions and metrics are fetched and cached locally once per day when running reports.)

Naturally, you can get further usage instructions as follows:

    bashalytics -h

TO-DO
-----

* An option to override auth token (saving & reading) to support multiple accounts
* Is there a way to look up & list Profile IDs?

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
----------------

Original concept based on [this blog post by Adam Buchanan](http://adambuchanan.me/post/19993272813/google-analytics-api-bash-scripts). Uses Google's [Core Reporting API (v3)](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v3/) and [Metadata API (v3)](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/metadata/v3/) to fetch Google Analytics metrics, dimensions, and reports data, plus [Dominic Tarr's `JSON.sh`](https://github.com/dominictarr/JSON.sh) to parse JSON results.

LICENSE
-------

Copyright (c) 2014, Morgan Aldridge. All rights reserved.

_TBD_
